Fixed incorrect formatting for inline pluralized code references. (#19250)
django/django: docs/topics/db/optimization.txt

    my_band.members.add(me)
    my_band.members.add(my_friend)

> ...where ``Band``\s and ``Artist``\s have a many-to-many relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...where the models ``Band`` and ``Artist`` have a many-to-many relationship.
```

    my_band.members.remove(me)
    my_band.members.remove(my_friend)

> ...where ``Band``\s and ``Artist``\s have a many-to-many relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...where the models ``Band`` and ``Artist`` have a many-to-many relationship.
```
